# LAB-1
School lab 1 work
#Software Engineering is part of System Engineering Process”. Do you agree with the above statement? Justify your answer ;   Software Engineering is not part of System Engineering because of some differences which include the following.-Software engineering includes in computer science or computer based engineering background while system engineering may covers a broader education area includes Engineering, Mathematics and Computer science.Also, Software engineers focus solely on software components while system engineering deals with a substantial amount of physical component of computers.
#What is “Software Crisis”?  It can be defined as a term used in the early days of computing science for the difficulty of writing useful and efficient computer programs in the required time. The software crisis was due to the rapid increases in computer power and the complexity of the problems that could now be tackled. With the increase in the complexity of the software, many software problems arose because existing methods were inadequate.                                                                                          
#What are the professional responsibilities of a Software Engineer?An Engineer has the following responsibilities;Analyse user requirements,write and test code, Refining and rewriting it as necessary and communicate with any programmers involved in the project, Researchand write new software programs (e.g. business applications or computer games) and computer operating systems,Evaluate the software and systems that make computers and hardware work,Develop existing programs by analysing and identifying areas for modification                                                                                                           
#Component-based Software Engineering allows faster delivery”. State whether this statement is true or false. Justify your answer. It is false because as new people are added, people who were working must spend time educating the newcomers thereby reducing the amount of time spent on productive development effort.                                         
